adding seeds tests and snapshots (#8937)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/resource-configs/static-analysis.md

<Tabs>

> <TabItem value="models" label="Models">

Reviewer: Hiya Leona, 

I've had a look at the other resource config pages and a few of them have intros before the examples, as this page doesn't have an intro, I think it might be a good idea to add an intro the examples, or add an intro advising what the `static_analysis` does and how to use them in seeds, models...

Author: Great idea Nat! Added [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com/pull/8937/commits/78fae69ff65c5a3e7cf648d3257f7e94f5c3f3c5)

</File>

<File name='models/filename.yml'>

```yml
models:
  - name: model_name
    [config](/reference/resource-properties/config):
      static_analysis: strict | baseline | off
```

</File>

<File name='models/model_name.sql'>

```sql
{{ config(static_analysis='strict' | 'baseline' | 'off') }}
```

</File>

</TabItem>

<TabItem value="tests" label="Tests">

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yml
data_tests:
  +static_analysis: strict | baseline | off
```

</File>

<File name='models/filename.yml'>

```yml
models:
  - name: model_name
    data_tests:
      - not_null:
          config:
            static_analysis: strict | baseline | off

> ```

Reviewer: Hiya Leona, 

I think the AI may have picked this up, but is this model-level data_tests example correct as written? I was checking the [sql_header reference](https://docs.getdbt.com/reference/resource-configs/sql_header?version=2.0), and the model-level generic test example there includes `arguments.column_name` (for example, unique with `arguments: column_name: order_id`), so I’m wondering whether this `not_null` example should also include `arguments.column_name` or move under columns instead.

Reviewer: Eg:

models:
  - name: model_name
    data_tests:
      - not_null:
          arguments:
            column_name: your_column_name
          config:
            static_analysis: baseline

## Definition

> You can configure `static_analysis` for [models](/docs/build/sql-models), [tests](/docs/build/data-tests), [seeds](/docs/build/seeds), and [snapshots](/docs/build/snapshots).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure `static_analysis` for [models](/docs/build/sql-models), [data tests](/docs/build/data-tests), [seeds](/docs/build/seeds), and [snapshots](/docs/build/snapshots).
```

Reviewer: Hiya Leona,

Just added this as a non-block suggestion here as it's a bit more consistent with docs.

Author: Great feedback!

## Examples

> The following examples show how to disable static analysis for all models in a package, for a single model, and for a model that uses a custom UDF, and how to configure static analysis for tests, seeds, and snapshots.

Reviewer: Hiya Leona, 

This sentence is quote long and little repetitive (the word models), maybe tighten it to something like:

"The following examples show how to disable `static_analysis` for models and how to configure it for data tests, seeds, and snapshots."

## Examples

> The following examples show how to disable static analysis for all models in a package, for a single model, and for a model that uses a custom UDF, and how to configure static analysis for tests, seeds, and snapshots.

Author: ```suggestion
The following examples show how to disable or configure `static_analysis` for different scenarios:
```

models:
  - name: my_model
    data_tests:
      - not_null:
          config:
            static_analysis: off
```

</File>

#### Configure static analysis for seeds

This example shows how to set static analysis for all seeds in a project.

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yaml
# dbt_project.yml
seeds:
  your_project:
    +static_analysis: baseline
```

</File>

To configure a single seed in a properties file:

<File name='seeds/filename.yml'>

```yaml
# seeds/filename.yml
seeds:
  - name: my_seed
    config:
      static_analysis: off
```

</File>

#### Configure static analysis for snapshots

This example shows how to set static analysis for all snapshots in a project.

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yaml
# dbt_project.yml
snapshots:
  your_project:
    +static_analysis: baseline
```

</File>

To configure a single snapshot in a properties file:

<File name='snapshots/filename.yml'>

```yaml
# snapshots/filename.yml
snapshots:
  - name: my_snapshot
    config:
      static_analysis: off
```

</File>

## Considerations

- For models, disabling static analysis means that features of the VS Code extension that depend on SQL comprehension will be unavailable.

> - For models, static analysis might fail in some cases (for example, dynamic SQL constructs or unrecognized UDFs) and may require setting `static_analysis: off`. For more examples, refer to [When should I turn static analysis off?](/docs/fusion/new-concepts#when-should-i-turn-static-analysis-off).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For models, static analysis can fail in some cases (for example, dynamic SQL constructs or unrecognized UDFs) and you might need to set `static_analysis: off`. For more examples, refer to [When should I turn static analysis off?](/docs/fusion/new-concepts#when-should-i-turn-static-analysis-off).
```

</File>

> #### Configure static analysis for tests

Author: ```suggestion
#### Configure static analysis for data tests
```

This example shows how to set static analysis for all tests in a project using `dbt_project.yml`.

<File name='dbt_project.yml'>

```yaml
# dbt_project.yml
data_tests:
  +static_analysis: baseline
```

</File>

> To configure static analysis for a specific test on a model:

Author: ```suggestion
To configure static analysis for a specific data test on a model:
```
